Yes, there it also wire thin frame this time is today
I will try to introduce the line bought
Well , I think there is no strengthening here that is here but
8 is No I deca key chain would broke a bone of Daburaibu ne Yes beneath
Well 1 is Mr. pre- Eriko teacher
I guess there are a lot of people who bought it pretty well
The ending of the funny bear love live It's always good
I bought it, but I got in quite a while
a day
It came out love soccer
It was this sea that I came out, yes
Totally gone Well I combed a pretty air
Yes
I think I distributed that it will or lose in
Oh, it is good to buy it today
Yes This love live insert song is the door of the first single dream Yes
Well this guy High sophomore 3 people Well
By saying that the number of covers of
Yes yes kiitos Tenri yes yes
I great in coming of sound centimeter step spin here of the coupling high Well
It was my brother's song so high I always love live
8 Couplings ase
I think the pair was on sale today
I've bought about distribution Tars to remove to the Love Live
Yes
Such softening is also a
Breathing funny doesn't mean it changes
Oh dear
I do not buy very much, yes
If you are your sister, I will open the door of this dream first
Well Chinja I do not I do well The choice It is there Well while always value ordering
Hmm
Yes Mama paintings band has become something like So let's play times
Right?
Since Well something like a there is no odd Rokukawa tell you feeling this time
Hmm
I'm thinking this time it's better not to install it
Yes
This is February
Oh It is a sea-chan Yes An
Well, something went I'd think Ease I saw somewhere
Say the fence
Well Yes Continuous mission Chiyau twice looks like
Arashi
Yes pushing Well I'd say and stand-Men and I think that laser Ikkana
I'm going to open the house of this and jammer here
Yes I will receive the first video
Well this is also not normal or not yes
Not broken
Seyonse is raining Kaiserslautern
Please take a look
What card is this
music face is ok
It's a summer time guy, yes
I wonder if this is a good thing now
If it is possible
Black card
Promoted card flowers and flowers-yes stars
Two performers say
Nn
Good
Is this the prime minister or the hype
Let's start an idol to a scene Scene 2
Yes it was and if there is such a feeling of when it was now say
Hmm
Well I think that I will not hit the bench anyway
Oh dear
It's like that I've been headed in.
I'm riding
We wish or you are Lawson and totally softening XXX
It is also here. Well, it's gonna be a collaboration
I will ask for a grapher Yes
It seemed straight and it was straight
Yes Yes It is these two now
E'there is no such gold Well
Follow
After kneading Yes This Yes this is a positive
8 of the magazine special What piled up
Natsumi Yes 6 I summer I such also say high I eh Dream ness of a future new series
I 'm starting to
Yes wonder if this is the ne interesting amazing can also Ppone of aftertouch
How about the entrance
I do not know for a moment
Well Nde is please that is interesting I read Well if any opportunity
My brother's business is like Bukome yes
It's Nan, my sister is a boom village, but
This is so funny that you should read it
It is like this in Well this time that
Thank you very much for watching Simple registration comments etc.
See ya
To form